hello mom cha make face kids
become a moment on TV
I always recommend time as of
do not tire hands of the canal
latents stay tuned in this one
edition of let's play to hear
will come down a whole new world created by
institutions and since it was mine
for those who want just a fan is a
giga created with a lot of world
soon then dear friends
What I recommend waiting to play
take them leave comments and corn
and I wanted to bring up all those who don't
I read the message of the channel will
monthly today who ever france is
absolutely that deals with outbreaks of
minecraft and I also wanted the Campanian ed
occupation that will read zago point of
early summer viking similar to the
great and I hope for the idaho we suspect
Welcome to the prisoners slaves
minecraft pocket edition and sugar
let's play immediately let's see the world that has
angie who created the world and generated and
the one here welcome alain gilles ambia
the natural park an aquatic park
all the exploring to of the only must
right away with great because we don't have to
absolutely wasting time and was not
just a nice big pool does it
enough where being there I placed gods
funds acts are small games where
children can climb on
ladders can have fun but with
parenting
absolutely otherwise they will hurt and
going last even further with
this Christmas ct but also other made
from whose hexagonal shape a napoli
bricks cd another made with lands e
instead here on the left we have one
beautiful router or garden themselves
limits is a bench relax first tones
cini and again by friends because
anger
a beautiful beautiful huge pool
gigantic and this a pool for
adults but see this pool here and
a deeper pool surrounded by
a rustic fence if you want to see
even better with this pool
I have placed some windows in them
glass plates where you can
minimally see people how much
note how we grow but we give it around
still for this natural park because
there is still to be seen being a park
natural an arch therefore endowed with trees
flowers and many other things above all
pil omino where is here is here
see the pool with our time here
instead you see some others who
what are these are masks of
beauty where you can play a little
however I am not sure of the rules seen either
however the phenomenal English thing is this
structure that I created that is nothing else
that a mountain roost we can
even see the panorama of everything
the natural park
the range langa then for this scale
we will go up this ladder is composed
also from iron bars where they are
protective bars to protect yourself e
we pay a little that I show you
that's the other
it is not enough
finally there are these bars
protective where extremes don't revolve will pay
so I'll show you the whole landscape
This is wrong
the beautiful journey
we go down to the Estonian because after having
having seen the mountain bulldozer whoever it would like
also tell of the waterfalls we see
arose from above and then I created the
niagara falls meaning the falls of the
niagara but they are not the falls of the
Niagara, however , could not miss it
just nothing in the falls in
pools just nothing nor any
whirlpools even in the garden
flowers nothing at all
this park that summer is not over e
we must refresh even better
flower and I meanwhile two lists on this
bench because I tell you the park
veil shown today
of the inauguration to run everyone
how many is free and welcome alain gilles
anghiari after a big greeting
see you next for some time
another obvious game is a big and hi
bye bye bye